docs(opa): update of metrics and security content (#11307)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-kafka-kraft.adoc

<15> Healthchecks to know when to restart a container (liveness) and when a container can accept traffic (readiness).
<16> JVM configuration options to optimize performance for the Virtual Machine (VM) running Kafka.
<17> ADVANCED OPTION: Container image configuration, which is recommended only in special situations.

> <18> Authorization enables simple, OAuth 2.0, custom, or OPA (deprecated) authorization on the Kafka broker. Simple authorization uses the `AclAuthorizer` and `StandardAuthorizer` Kafka plugins.

Reviewer: In Kafka 4.x there is no AclAuthorizer any more.

```suggestion
<18> Authorization enables simple, OAuth 2.0, custom, or OPA (deprecated) authorization on the Kafka broker. Simple authorization uses the `StandardAuthorizer` Kafka plugin.
```
